                                  Placement Assignment-1
								
		Ans1- As we today data is most precious thing that all have data structures are used to store data as per user requirement they 
              use different data structures, like if they want fast insertion and deletion of data they can use linkdelist etc.		
			  
	    Ans2 - Applications of data structure are :
              a) Stack : Undo opereations , Browsing history
              b) Queue : Task Scheduling , Data Packets in communication are arranged in queue
              c) Graph : Finding shortest path , Facebbok Graphs's Api
              d) Linkedlist :   Web pages link, Music player			  
			  e) Tree : Database uses tree datastructure for indexing, DNS[Domain Name Server]
			  f) Hashtable : Data stored in database is key-value pair , Searching on google browser 
			  
		Ans3 : Insertion and Deletion is faster in linkedlist as compare to array.

        Ans4 :        // Linkedlist structure in C

        Ans5 : In Doubly linkedList we can move back much faster than singly linkedlist as it contains address of previous and next node.

        Ans6 : Stack => is used to fetch and store data on the top it basically follows LIFO order and if we want any value we have to go through all 
                complete structure .
				         - Stack can be used to store different type of data.
               Array =>  If we know  index value we can fetch data in O(1) time in this searching is index based.				
			             Array stores homogenious data.  
						 
		Ans7 : 2 Queues

        Ans8 : DFS[Depth First Search] - inorder , preorder , postorder
               BFS [ Breadth First Search] - Level order
			   
		Ans9 : Searching in BST is fast because in bst we arrange data in sorted manner left is always smaller than root and right is larger.

        Ans10 : Graph is used for finding shortest path , Connecting with different people Like Facebook used this for building connections etc.

        Ans11 : It is possible if we know the count of nodes but it is not efficient to find middle element everytime in linkedlist because it is always                 
                 linear search.

        Ans12 : Memory leak in computers is basically a resource leakage[Inefficient usage of memory] that may occur when we have created any object which is no longer used in
                 program and is not closed .		
				 
		Ans13 : If left of root is smaller and right of root is larger than root data.

        Ans14 : Stack due to its LIFO Order beacause recursion remember its caller so knows whom to return when the function has to return result.

        Ans15 : Undo Operations , Browsing History , Infix to postfix etc.

          		